directory: add to website, send terms, sort search results (#2950)
simplex-chat/simplex-chat: docs/DIRECTORY.md

## Adding groups to the directory

> ### How to add the group

Author: ```suggestion
### How to add a group
```

> To add the group you must be the owner of the group. Once you connect to the directory service and send `/help`, the service will guide you through the process.

Author: ```suggestion
To add a group you must be its owner. Once you connect to the directory service and send `/help`, the service will guide you through the process.
```
